colorscheme 256-grayvim.vim
colorscheme 256-jungle.vim
colorscheme 256_noir.vim
colorscheme babymate256.vim
colorscheme beauty256.vim
colorscheme bubblegum-256-dark.vim
colorscheme bubblegum-256-light.vim
colorscheme burnttoast256.vim
colorscheme calmar256-light.vim
colorscheme charged-256.vim
colorscheme colorful256.vim
colorscheme desert256v2.vim
colorscheme desert256.vim
colorscheme devbox-dark-256.vim
colorscheme gotham256.vim
colorscheme grb256.vim
colorscheme lapis256.vim
colorscheme last256.vim
colorscheme lizard256.vim
colorscheme mrkn256.vim
colorscheme oceanblack256.vim
colorscheme seoul256-light.vim
colorscheme seoul256.vim
colorscheme simple256.vim
colorscheme stonewashed-256.vim
colorscheme summerfruit256.vim
colorscheme trivial256.vim
colorscheme twilight256.vim
colorscheme wasabi256.vim
colorscheme wombat256i.vim
colorscheme wombat256mod.vim
colorscheme wombat256.vim
colorscheme xoria256.vim
